what happened frankly again today that's
why I think it'd be fun to talk about it
but whatever tours your people said when
they came up to you and met shoes like
oh my gosh John Hill - I want your shop
but yeah I think it's a these pretty
much just make jokes about you how's
your relationship going and what I don't
get
that's like what celebrities do for PR
right because we literally have like
medium sized YouTube watching spinners
and just like look at Jay Paul and Erica
R obviously Jerrica is 100% real and not
for you right describer and people think
god if you won't tell me it's a before I
just spot I know like you not understand
I the real world out there okay but
nowadays are we working on are actually
pretty honestly - I think it's like I
did me and beyond yeah what does it yeah
yeah by you it's not a video about that
discuss us everything else in this world
about Jay Paul yeah this is about it
John visited New York this past week and
my favorite thing ever
when you come to us hey maybe we just
don't shed under scratch on film or
anything because our this I don't know
I'm not an interesting conversation it's
like I love you and I love
and I love showing parts of that but at
the same time my youtube channel doesn't
revolve around our jewelry is just like
a lot of other things I think a lot of
people like our dynamic and I obviously
love making food with you when it makes
sense do it that's a good point the fact
that the effect is a lot of
relationships there you camp is
literally centered around that I think
that put like slips a lot of pressure on
swapping so right now me break whatever
we're good exactly right and I'm saying
okay
[Music]
all the world are you filming me how's
it feel to be the worst person ever you
mean how's it feel to be the official
John hello YouTube yeah you got
youtube.com slash John Hill and it's a
great accomplishment hello yeah we
actually think about these kind of
things by the way guys I don't know if
you knew that but we're like it's really
important for us to have our own names
and then have verification according to
John he just cares about the artificial
things of life if you had didn't have
Sarah days you'd be crying right now
you'd be like but mommy I want Sarah
DG's know what I know in the world's
gonna have it yeah exactly looks
important but John Hill oh dude like if
you walk out in yellow John Hill right
now for people turn around I have a
surprise for John Acker headed now
slide it into the d-ends like you're at
Linda's dirty
it's like not even oh my god is that get
what is that Jon Stewart Jon flip marks
are on my camera I don't think you'd see
them though from the inside from the
outside you definitely we're headed to
somewhere I've no idea where this kind
of guilt is a big deal for me I'm a
person who is terrible I keeping
surprises unit I do you know what was
something that I like wanted to surprise
you was like everything and anything of
Nemea Cincinnati oh yeah so I originally
wasn't able to go and see his video
parts a premiere but last night I just
bought like a ticket for one day and I
was so excited about it that I literally
told him the night that I bought the
ticket and I only had like Oh be picking
something and then you have to go
through this
yeah idea of where I don't
damn see a helicopter yeah yeah oh my
gosh how do you set this up what in the
world yes about the flying around
yeah well why do hard to left okay I'm
not gonna lie always thinking skies any
other
oh you're retired I am honestly really
believe it okay okay really let you play
but now you know how this is so nervous
and Alec okay and it's like perfect
weather this is perfect thank you so
much
[Music]
you
holy cow that was incredible the first
time that I ever did it a little
overcast seeing the Sun just too
aggressively like beaming on to the city
with unreal silhouettes we're almost as
good as the actual shots for some
extraño ya know in the bridges I didn't
see the principal on the bridge I've
only had one of those like spider-man
movies where they do that your friends
establish a charts it's like New York
[Music]
I feel like I don't know if you feel
this way my views of UNAM gesell
so I might cut your pay a little bit if
you don't step it up and release justice
well it's marvelous I think it's more it
matters more my channel in this wish to
work as what my audience want that's
like this whole thing the reason like
I'm getting some of my income but I'm
paying more to be put away friend there
so it doesn't make sense maybe we can
just do the whole the break-up video
soon hey where you guys wind up
everything else so well take a break and
then getting married married again that
is so funny and we've got a rotten I got
children so it should right get a job
someone or someone give it a bacteria
I'm still going to cut your pay though
okay
[Music]